feat: adapter-vercel should be able to generate sourcemap (#5197)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/mighty-melons-walk.md

---
'@sveltejs/adapter-vercel': patch
---

> Add new option to generate sourcemap for the `functions/node/render/index.js` generated file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new option to create a sourcemap for the generated functions
```
